Capture, process, and store media streams for playback, analytics, and machine learning

Amazon Kinesis Video Streams makes it easy to securely stream video from connected devices to AWS for analytics, machine learning (ML), playback, and other processing. Kinesis Video Streams automatically provisions and elastically scales all the infrastructure needed to ingest streaming video data from millions of devices. It durably stores, encrypts, and indexes video data in your streams, and allows you to access your data through easy-to-use APIs. Kinesis Video Streams enables you to playback video for live and on-demand viewing, and quickly build applications that take advantage of computer vision and video analytics through integration with Amazon Rekognition Video, and libraries for ML frameworks such as Apache MxNet, TensorFlow, and OpenCV. Kinesis Video Streams also supports WebRTC, an open-source project that enables real-time media streaming and interaction between web browsers, mobile applications, and connected devices via simple APIs. Typical uses include video chat and peer-to-peer media streaming.

To get started, create a Kinesis video stream with a few clicks from the [AWS Management Console.](https://console.aws.amazon.com/kinesisvideo/home?region=us-east-1) You can then install the Kinesis Video Streams SDK on your devices and start streaming media to AWS for playback, storage, and analytics. With Kinesis Video Streams, you pay only for what you use. There are no upfront commitments or minimum fees.
